# Lat-long model <a name="lat-long-model"></a>

This model stores latitude and longitude information and provides a coords
accesor for manipulating them.

This module is in UMD format. It will create
`ribcageGoogleMaps.models.latLong`, `ribcageGoogleMaps.models.LatLong`, and
`ribcageGoogleMaps.modelMixins.LatLong` globals if not used with an AMD loader
such as RequireJS.

This module depends on Google Maps API v3 library and
`ribcage.models.BaseModel`.

 + [`latLongModelMixin`](#latlongmodelmixin)
   - [`#lat([v])`](#lat-v)
   - [`#long([v])`](#long-v)
   - [`#coords([lat, long])`](#coords-lat-long)
 + [`LatLongModel`](#latlongmodel)
 + [Exports](#exports)


## `latLongModelMixin` <a name="latlongmodelmixin"></a>

This mixin implements the API of the `LatLongModel`.

### `#lat([v])` <a name="lat-v"></a>

This is an accessor for the `lat` attribute. The setter will convert any value
to a float. The value will be `NaN` if it cannot be parsed by `parseFloat`.

When called without arguments it returns the current value. Otherwise sets the
value to `v`.

### `#long([v])` <a name="long-v"></a>

This is an accessor for the `long` attribute. The setting will convert any
value to float. The value will be `NaN` if it cannot be parsed by `parseFloat`.

Returns current value when called without arguments, otherwise sets value to
`v`.

### `#coords([lat, long])` <a name="coords-lat-long"></a>

This is a shortcut for getting a `google.maps.LatLng` object based on the `lat`
and `long` attributes. When setting a new value using this accessor, you must
pass it an array of two float values that represent the lattitude and
longitude.

Returns `google.maps.LatLng` instance if called without argumetns, otherwise
sets latitude and longitude when passed the arguments.

## `LatLongModel` <a name="latlongmodel"></a>

Please see the documentation for [`latLongModelMixin`](#latlongmodelmixin) for
more information about this model's API.

## Exports <a name="exports"></a>

This module exports `mixin` and `Model` properties.