# Street View view <a name="street-view-view"></a>

This module implements a model view that displays Street View using Google Maps
JavaScript API v3 and model data.

This module is in UMD format. It will create a
`ribcageGoogleMaps.views.streetView`, `ribcageGoogleMaps.views.StreetView`, and
`ribcageGoogleMaps.viewMixins.StreetView` globals if not used with an AMD
loader such as RequireJS.

This module depends on Google Maps API v3 library, Underscore, jQuery, and
`ribcage.views.BaseView`.

 + [`streetViewMixin`](#streetviewmixin)
   - [`#template`](#template)
   - [`#streetViewContainer`](#streetviewcontainer)
   - [`#visible`](#visible)
   - [`#streetViewDefaultUI`](#streetviewdefaultui)
   - [`#streetViewWheel`](#streetviewwheel)
   - [`#streetViewAddressControl`](#streetviewaddresscontrol)
   - [`#streetViewClickToGo`](#streetviewclicktogo)
   - [`#streetViewDblClickZoom`](#streetviewdblclickzoom)
   - [`#streetViewCloseButton`](#streetviewclosebutton)
   - [`#streetViewImageDates`](#streetviewimagedates)
   - [`#streetViewLinks`](#streetviewlinks)
   - [`#streetViewPanControl`](#streetviewpancontrol)
   - [`#streetViewZoomControl`](#streetviewzoomcontrol)
   - [`#streetViewZoomControlStyle`](#streetviewzoomcontrolstyle)
   - [`#getCtrlPos(v)`](#getctrlpos-v)
   - [`#getZoomCtrlStyle(v)`](#getzoomctrlstyle-v)
   - [`#getStreetViewContainer()`](#getstreetviewcontainer)
   - [`#getStreetViewOpts(cfg, data)`](#getstreetviewopts-cfg-data)
 + [`#initialize(settings)`](#initialize-settings)
   - [`#render(cb)`](#render-cb)
 + [`StreetView`](#streetview)
 + [Exports](#exports)


## `streetViewMixin` <a name="streetviewmixin"></a>

This mixin implements the API for the `StreetView`.

The model passed to `StreetView` should contain information about various
coordinates. The properties on the view itself control the overall appearance
of the Street View such as placement of controls, and similar.

### `#template` <a name="template"></a>

Template to render before rendering the map. Overriding this can be useful if
you want to render Street View and map in separate containers. Otherwise, the
default is empty string.

If this attribute is a function, it will be called without arguments and it
will be expected to return the string to use as HTML. The resulting HTML will
be appended into the `el`.

### `#streetViewContainer` <a name="streetviewcontainer"></a>

jQuery selector for the streetview container. The container must be inside the
view's `el`. Default is null (use same element as map).

### `#visible` <a name="visible"></a>

Whether Street View is visible by default or not. Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewDefaultUI` <a name="streetviewdefaultui"></a>

Whether all of default UI is enabled. Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewWheel` <a name="streetviewwheel"></a>

Whether scroll wheel zooming is enabled in Street View. Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewAddressControl` <a name="streetviewaddresscontrol"></a>

Position of the address control in Street View. Any of the following:

 + 'bottom_center'
 + 'bottom_left'
 + 'bottom_right'
 + 'left_bottom'
 + 'left_center'
 + 'left_top'
 + 'right_bottom'
 + 'right_center'
 + 'right_top'
 + 'top_center'
 + 'top_left'
 + 'top_right'
 + `false` (disabled)
 + `true` (enabled in default position)


Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewClickToGo` <a name="streetviewclicktogo"></a>

Whether click-to-go behavior is enabled. Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewDblClickZoom` <a name="streetviewdblclickzoom"></a>

Whether double-click zoom is enabled. Default is `false`.

### `#streetViewCloseButton` <a name="streetviewclosebutton"></a>

Whether close button is enabled. Default is `false`.

### `#streetViewImageDates` <a name="streetviewimagedates"></a>

Whether image acquisition date control is enabled. Default is `false`.

### `#streetViewLinks` <a name="streetviewlinks"></a>

Whether links control is enabled. Default is `false`

### `#streetViewPanControl` <a name="streetviewpancontrol"></a>

Position of the pan control. Any of the following:

 + 'bottom_center'
 + 'bottom_left'
 + 'bottom_right'
 + 'left_bottom'
 + 'left_center'
 + 'left_top'
 + 'right_bottom'
 + 'right_center'
 + 'right_top'
 + 'top_center'
 + 'top_left'
 + 'top_right'
 + `false` (disabled)
 + `true` (enabled in default position)


Default is `false`.

### `#streetViewZoomControl` <a name="streetviewzoomcontrol"></a>

Position of the zoom control in Street View. Any of the following values:

 + 'bottom_center'
 + 'bottom_left'
 + 'bottom_right'
 + 'left_bottom'
 + 'left_center'
 + 'left_top'
 + 'right_bottom'
 + 'right_center'
 + 'right_top'
 + 'top_center'
 + 'top_left'
 + 'top_right'
 + `false` (disabled)
 + `true` (enabled in default position)


Default is `true`.

### `#streetViewZoomControlStyle` <a name="streetviewzoomcontrolstyle"></a>

Can be any of the following values:

 + 'large'
 + 'small'
 + `null` (default style)


Default is null.

### `#getCtrlPos(v)` <a name="getctrlpos-v"></a>

Converts the `MapView` control position string to Maps API version.

### `#getZoomCtrlStyle(v)` <a name="getzoomctrlstyle-v"></a>

Converts the `MapView` zoom control style to Maps API version.

### `#getStreetViewContainer()` <a name="getstreetviewcontainer"></a>

Return the node to use a the Street View container.

### `#getStreetViewOpts(cfg, data)` <a name="getstreetviewopts-cfg-data"></a>

Returns the `maps.StreetViewPanorama` instance.

## `#initialize(settings)` <a name="initialize-settings"></a>

The settings object may contain `svExtraConfigs` key which will be used to
override any of the view's settings during rendering.

Unlike the `MapView`, this view doesn't do any data-binding. It will not render
more than once.

### `#render(cb)` <a name="render-cb"></a>

Renders the Street View panorama and stores the reference to rendered panorama
as `this.panorama`.

Unlike standard synchronous `#render()` methods, this render method will return
`this` before rendering the panorama. Rendering happens with a slight delay of
1ms, which is not significant, but gives the application enough time to attach
`el` to the DOM tree and prevent the map from rendering in a 0-height box
(essentially hidden away).

A single callback function can be specified which is called as soon as the new
map instance is created. The callback will receive three arguments, a reference
to the view, a reference to the panorama instance, and an object containing the
configuration used to create the panorama.

## `StreetView` <a name="streetview"></a>

Please see the documentation for [`streetViewMixin`](#streetviewmixin) for more
information on this view's API.

## Exports <a name="exports"></a>

This module exports `mixin` and `View` properties.