# gmaps shim <a name="gmaps-shim"></a>

When working with RequireJS and Ribcage-Google-Maps, you will need to make
adjustments to your RequireJS configurations as well as build profile. This is
due to the way Google Maps API library is loaded. On the other hand, this also
presents an opportunity to configure the API key which cannot be otherwise set
at runtime, and therefore Ribcage-Google-Maps cannot support setting.

## Shimming with RequireJS config <a name="shimming-with-requirejs-config"></a>

Here is an example of a 'gmaps' shim for RequireJS:

    shim: {
      'ribcage-google-maps/gmaps': {
        deps: ['async!http://maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false'],
        exports: 'google.maps'
      }
    }


The `lib` directory contains a `gmaps.js` module which is an empty JS file used
to make the above shimming work.

## Notes on installing with volo <a name="notes-on-installing-with-volo"></a>

When using volo, the dummy AMD module comtained in this module will suppress
conversion to AMD format by including a simple dummy AMD module that does not
include any dependencies and exports nothing. You will still have to include
the shim as described above.

## Configuring the build <a name="configuring-the-build"></a>

Regardless of what method you used to shim the `gmaps` module, you will still
need to make adjustments for the build.

When building, the shimmed 'gmap' module should be excluded to prevent errors:

    "modules": [
      {
        "name": "main",
        "exclude": ["ribcage-google-maps/gmaps"]
      }
    ]


## Requiring `gmaps` module <a name="requiring-gmaps-module"></a>

After the shim is in place, the `gmaps` module is required as:

    var maps = require('ribcage-google-maps/gmaps');


The `maps` variable should be the same as `google.maps`. All
Ribcage-Google-Maps modules require `gmaps` module to get access to the Google
Maps API library, so shimming it correctly is essential.